Now it's time to add text content on the product slides.
To do this, first,
create a text box on the slide by calling the createTextBox method.
Then add a new paragraph inside the text box,
followed by your run of text within the paragraph.
This is quite similar to what you did to add text
inside a Microsoft Word document.
Now it's possible to set text to the text run by calling the setText method.
Finally,
position the textbox on the slide in the desired location by calling the
setAncho method, passing in x, y, width, and height.
This is how the slide will look like once you add the text content to it.
You will display the product name and the feature list.
The name and features will be positioned to the
right‑hand side of the product image, and the price at the bottom‑left of the product image.